If the home of art was once the cathedral, then the contemporary art gallery is the cathedral of the godless. Where art was once embedded in the foundations of the architecture which housed it, it is now separated, dismembered and modularized into interchangeable blocks of currency. Art-objects are called "pieces," but of what whole? These objects- dismembered organs, entrails of the divine body, of the cathedral, the seat of divinity, are carried as if by crows far and wide, strewn across cities, their oozing presence hammering the nail in the coffin saying This is it, it`s over. No more God, no more divinity. We tore it apart into little pieces and now we buy and sell those pieces and use it to launder our money.

But it appears that God`s body may be more similar to a flatworm than a human because these "pieces," the art-objects, are wriggling, moving, and slithering around on their own. They reproduce and fester, devouring the city, that great corpse, in an orgy of decay which leaves us stupefied, speaking and writing increasingly nonsensical polemics and treatises which contribute to this fetishism of the "thing."

This dismemberment, this modularity, this interchangeability which commodities tend to have brings to mind a sexual fetish i developed when i was very young, I dreamt that i could bloodlesly and painlessly separate my body into pieces, still retaining sensation in each separated piece. I recall toying with this dream as early as eighth grade. I still play with this dream. I have a sexual fantasy of someone playfully removing my head,placing it on a shelf to watch what happens next. She then pushes my headless body down on the bed, pulls the arms off, and tosses them in a corner where they writhe. She then approaches my body, now headless and armless. and pops off the torso. She then removes one of her own arms, which begins to grope my torso`s exposed breasts while she fucks the pelvis and legs as my head watches.

these pieces of my dismembered body could then be exchanged with other people. We could frankenstein collages out of ourselves. 

