If the home of art was once the cathedral, then the contemporary art gallery is the cathedral of the godless. Where art was once embedded in the foundations of the architecture which housed it, it is now separated, dismembered and modularized into interchangeable blocks of currency. Art-objects are called "pieces," but of what whole? These objects- dismembered organs, entrails of a divine body- are carried by crows, strewn across cities, their oozing presence hammering the last nail in the coffin saying "This is it, it`s over." No more G*d, no more divinity. We tore Him apart into little pieces and now we buy and sell those pieces and use it to launder our money.

G*d`s body may be more akin to a flatworm than a human because these pieces, the art-objects, wriggle, move, and slither around on their own. They reproduce and fester, devouring the city, that big corpse, in an orgy of decay which leaves us stupefied, speaking and writing nonsensical polemics which reinforce the fetishism of the "thing."

The dismemberedness, the modularity, the interchangeability of commodities brings to mind a sexual fetish I developed when I was young. I wished I could bloodlesly and painlessly separate my body into pieces like a doll, while still retaining sensation in each separate piece. I toyed with this dream as early as eighth grade. In my fantasy, a dom top playfully removes my head, placing it to the side to watch what happens next. Xe pushes my headless body on the bed, pulls the arms off, and tosses them in a corner where they writhe in ecstasy. Xe approaches my body, headless and armless, and pops off the torso. Xe removes one of her own arms, which gropes my torso`s exposed breasts while she fucks the pelvis as my head watches.



I am no fan of G*d.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The pieces of my dismembered body could be exchanged with those of others. We could make frankenstein collages out of ourselves. We could combine bodies and end up as a many-limbed Hindu deity, or merge with a hundred people and end up as something out of a Cyriak cartoon.

